Synthetic MVP — no customer data.
Real quick before anything —
everything here runs on fake data.
It's a synthetic demo, not hooked up
to Armadin's real systems.
A swarm attacks a customer, finds a bunch
of stuff, writes it down...
then the engagement ends and it throws
the notebook away.
Next quarter it starts from zero.
That's what I'm fixing — the memory.
One command does the whole thing.
Preflight is just me being careful —
it checks Java, Docker, the build, the
safety guards, and changes nothing.
Then it loads Engagement 1. Every fact is
its own locked-down, tenant-scoped row.
When it's done we draw a hard line:
everything we knew, as of right now.
Storing stuff is fine — the real question is
does the memory change what you do next.
There's a planner, and it runs at that
Engagement 1 line, before we know round two.
And this is what people get wrong:
it's so easy to let the future leak in.
So the planner only ever sees opaque IDs.
No labels, no results.
Memory off, it goes in order: A, B, C.
Memory on, it knows one got fixed last time
and pulls it to the front: C, A, B.
Both plans actually run — same starting point,
same outcomes baked in.
And the bug that came back — memory catches it
on the first move, not the third.
Three to one. And "zero events at planning"
is me proving nothing leaked.
Between the two engagements the pod got a new
ID, a new name, a new IP —
everything you'd key on changed. But the
Deployment underneath is the same.
So we keep it as the same asset, and the
finding stays stuck to it.
Opposite case: something genuinely fuzzy,
a reused DNS name with nothing behind it.
It doesn't guess. It marks it ambiguous and
won't let it move any numbers.
It'd rather say "I don't know" than merge two
things that might not match.
Same exact Engagement 2 facts —
I'm not touching the data.
I'm just changing how much history
it's allowed to look at.
No memory, a normal scan: three detections,
one not-detected, one partial.
And the finding nobody retested? It just isn't
there. The scan can't even see it.
Turn history back on, same facts,
and suddenly they mean something.
New, still open, verified fixed, regressed,
not retested, inconclusive.
"Verified fixed" only counts if we reran the
same check and it came back clean.
Not seeing a bug is not the same as
the bug being gone.
Only memory can tell you a fix came back,
or that you forgot to retest something.
This is the unglamorous stuff
that just has to work.
Same event twice — no-op.
A conflicting one — rejected.
Ask for a report before the data's complete —
it blocks you.
Shuffle the arrival order — same report.
Kill a transaction halfway — nothing left behind.
Same facts, same answer, every time.
That's what you have to trust first.
Why does Armadin care — this turns a one-off scan
into something you'd pay for every quarter.
Prove a fix regressed, prove something got
verified, catch what nobody retested.
Straight about what it isn't: not production-scale,
not wired into Armadin, no auth or privacy claims.
The way it gets real: point a real swarm at a real
target, write one adapter to this same contract.
That adapter's real work. But the memory engine
underneath it is the part that's done.
Everything you saw — the 3-to-1, identity, the six
categories, the correctness checks —
none of it is hardcoded. It's computed from
the actual run, identical every time.
Fake data, yeah. But a real result.
Thanks for watching.